Add `osu!türkiye Open 2026` tournament article and `osu!türkiye Open` index page (#14897)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/OTR/2026/en.md

---
tags:
  - OTR
  - OTR26
  - OTR2026
  - OTR 2026
  - osu!türkiye
---

# osu!türkiye Open 2026

![OTR26 banner](img/banner.png)

> The **osu!türkiye Open 2026** (***OTR26***) is a 2v2, double-elimination, Turkish-only regional osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=TR }:: [LyeRR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13068741), ::{ flag=TR }:: [Orkay](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9321674), ::{ flag=TR }:: [SStoney](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8576252) and ::{ flag=TR }:: [Zeus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5464437). It is the 3rd instalment of the osu!türkiye Open series. Unlike the previous iterations, where the teams are formed via draft format, 2026 edition features premade team signups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **osu!türkiye Open 2026** (***OTR26***) is a 2v2, double-elimination, Turkish-only regional osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=TR }:: [LyeRR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13068741), ::{ flag=TR }:: [Orkay](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9321674), ::{ flag=TR }:: [SStoney](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8576252) and ::{ flag=TR }:: [Zeus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5464437). It is the 3rd instalment of the osu!türkiye Open series. Unlike the previous iterations, where the teams were formed via draft format, the 2026 edition features premade team signups.
```

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2026-05-31/2026-06-14 |
| Qualifiers | 2026-06-15/2026-06-28 |
| Seeding results & live drawings | 2026-06-29 (19:00 UTC+03) |

> | Group stage | 2026-07-04/2026-07-12 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Group Stage | 2026-07-04/2026-07-12 |
```

| Quarterfinals | 2026-07-18/2026-07-19 |
| Semifinals | 2026-07-25/2026-07-26 |
| Finals | 2026-08-01/2026-08-02 |
| Grand Finals | 2026-08-08/2026-08-09 |

## Prizes

> The osu!türkiye Open 2026 features a prize pool that are contributed by community donations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu!türkiye Open 2026 features a prize pool that is funded by community donations.
```

> | Placing | Prize(s) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Placing | Prizes |
```

| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Profile badge, 6 months of osu!supporter tag, 6 months of [o!rdr Supporter](https://ordr.issou.best/support-us) tag, 50% of the prize pool, 1750₺ worth of Google Play Gift Card, profile banner |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 months of osu!supporter tag, 4 months of [o!rdr Supporter](https://ordr.issou.best/support-us) tag, 30% of the prize pool, 1000₺ worth of Google Play Gift Card, profile banner |

> | ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 2 months of osu!supporter tag, 2 months of [o!rdr Supporter](https://ordr.issou.best/support-us) tag, 20% of the prize pool, 634₺ worth of Google Play Gift Card, profile banner |

Reviewer 2: linking it only once is enough IMO
```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Profile badge, 6 months of osu!supporter tag, 6 months of [o!rdr Supporter](https://ordr.issou.best/support-us) tag, 50% of the prize pool, 1750₺ worth of Google Play Gift Card, profile banner |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 months of osu!supporter tag, 4 months of o!rdr Supporter tag, 30% of the prize pool, 1000₺ worth of Google Play Gift Card, profile banner |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 2 months of osu!supporter tag, 2 months of o!rdr Supporter tag, 20% of the prize pool, 634₺ worth of Google Play Gift Card, profile banner |
```

| Referee | **::{ flag=TR }:: [raptor-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11593647)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Cureleux](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25429183), ::{ flag=TR }:: [HeroBabaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29914048), ::{ flag=TR }:: [LyeRR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13068741), ::{ flag=TR }:: [Nitrur](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29649528), ::{ flag=TR }:: [purehalcyon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18258854), ::{ flag=TR }:: [Soroic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17163162), ::{ flag=TR }:: [Sweet](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19650017) |
| Statistician | **::{ flag=TR }:: [Drestau](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10987034)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [raptor-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11593647) |
| Developer | ::{ flag=TR }:: [Drestau](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10987034), ::{ flag=TR }:: [raptor-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11593647), ::{ flag=TR }:: [Zeus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5464437) |
| Musician | [Kagankaravana](https://www.youtube.com/@kagankaravana) |

> Group leaders denoted in **bold**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group leaders are denoted in **bold**.
```

## Links

- **[Information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/150VzfGWk3JyOoBBNDsJ_8NIgDPurbKbBbW-jMI-sRkI/edit?usp=sharing)**
- [Weekly statistics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jP4C3hDWVEz_NL7ue3uoTixqE_bYSRTkpiS2BtcVjX0/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2211098)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/osutrlive)

> - [Livestream Archive](https://youtube.com/@osutrlive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Livestream archive](https://youtube.com/@osutrlive)
```

| Retired LoL Players | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[StarVolt_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/36683886)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [LeoNard_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33431776) | 10.791 PP |
| P7zenjoy | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[alpov](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19578998)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [AhtapotNecmi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24852332) | 10.050 PP |
| random kid | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[vuluvulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/35459987)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Cheas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15596748) | 9.870 PP |
| Dream Team | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[me_ozix](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24326661)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Lypophr3nia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/34947009) | 8.907 PP |
| Agalar | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[ChortaX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/37923969)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Oumyoop](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12419300) | 8.209 PP |
| professional slider breaking | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[AwcunY](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27222225)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [gameofsalih](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28412980) | 7.415 PP |
| denizli horozları | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[kufukami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/37929479)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [without mercy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28436050) | 6.981 PP |

> | low acc or quit | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Emrecan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39182209)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [fishtuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/38898878) | 4.769 PP |

Reviewer: In the [performance points article](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Performance_points) `pp` is lowercase and there is no space after the number.
```suggestion
| Team | Members | Total pp[^pp-limit] |
| :-- | :-- | --: |
| farketmez | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Metro Turizm](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14113711)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Nymphe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10507407) | 20.987pp |
| Fanta Enjoyers | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[maidkedi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21893727)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [TSM L9 RUI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/31355527) | 20.983pp |
| cok zeki takim | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[gheanfoil](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13596160)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [ht2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27584970) | 20.973pp |
| alındınmı? .p | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[arda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15019357)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [tingirmin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9027514) | 20.930pp |
| Pinterest kedipp | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[kr__](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29545680)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Whydm](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/22148222) | 20.855pp |
| acil feet | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[dia23](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9365664)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [ACLFT](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25540750) | 20.853pp |
| ördek | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[empi-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12500084)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [_Ferapax](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25204719) | 20.732pp |
| enes batur | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Ievi-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14684430)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Aeghil](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18349668) | 20.718pp |
| steal balls and run | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[emrepkrr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19034045)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [MilkyChocolate](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10630390) | 20.684pp |
| 21cm pp limit | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Rosaitty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9319605)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [mustifafifax](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14473721) | 20.572pp |
| cansın | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Clutch](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14958380)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Zey1111](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25349230) | 20.522pp |
| bak | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[dragonsaga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4982690)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Liery](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11551991) | 20.461pp |
| barigadam | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[-K3RIM-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9187208)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [TReminTR13](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32029930) | 20.456pp |
| Dede ve Torunu | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Cherpi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14828870)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [LeBoum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8700026) | 20.296pp |
| W puskevit | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Puskevit](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9060966)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [dskylh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12623324) | 20.115pp |
| baaa mi diyo la? :O | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[AgorelL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16725049)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Zybit](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15333513) | 19.816pp |
| washed gang | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[yorunoken](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17279598)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [citrous](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20367144) | 19.705pp |
| bocamak | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[vestige](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18988939)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [knaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/34654247) | 18.999pp |
| aranan adamlar 0134 | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Sekjiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11643416)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Kaije](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14140384) | 18.537pp |
| takım olak | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Terasel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16138723)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Aisn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12489717) | 18.466pp |
| zilla | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[tadashiosu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24421391)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Repxic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13903087) | 18.289pp |
| Aim Slop Abusers | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Columbinaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33511891)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [BayFazzer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28489877) | 17.938pp |
| Joymaxxing | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Misumena](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6440158)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Arcuez](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6036220) | 17.762pp |
| eyvah | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[- kayu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15572272)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [b4ris](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18028990) | 17.429pp |
| libaler | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Alerr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11159192)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Mirayy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23756902) | 17.326pp |
| Genç Yetenekler | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Jollyms](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16825848)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Sipali](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17352029) | 17.312pp |
| Ölü El Terminal | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Yureibutsad](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10301951)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [isotkarahanli](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33176656) | 17.225pp |
| :steamhappy: | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Wixax](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6207181)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [\[Lin\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26119591) | 17.134pp |
| Ballade 123 | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Mianorqe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/37490087)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [WarriorKestane](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33371304) | 16.987pp |
| Folklar | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Ataturk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11381914)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [birb](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11285985) | 16.929pp |
| AvazAvazAğlayanYüz | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Secretboy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24752641)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [ademos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17320778) | 16.693pp |
| çeşgul | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Misora-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11621574)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [red person](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9709191) | 16.353pp |
| hortlak | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[huckmen444](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5019334)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [RokeT-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17151907) | 15.393pp |
| Cortisol | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[dark sunn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20485889)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [dodo0317](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/36458923) | 14.911pp |
| Opsiyonel | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Rokuchi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/36182718)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Lnk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21053038) | 14.642pp |
| İBO VE GAMİNG | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[onlyforK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29900877)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [NaberMudur](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19385395) | 14.487pp |
| jembeyler | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[getsplited](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17760960)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Waeif](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25530991) | 14.381pp |
| kaafi | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[erukedi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19693888)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [hilmicem](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/37606341) | 14.298pp |
| 8-5 mesai | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Piince](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17048466)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Scawroad](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17636719) | 13.836pp |
| Aşuk ile Maşuk | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[NeoShnn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33623009)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [cago](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/22443340) | 13.616pp |
| SloppersInParis | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Vantanite](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17779421)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [babapro1313](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/34618819) | 13.508pp |
| performatif genişletme | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Cureleux](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25429183)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [purehalcyon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18258854) | 13.202pp |
| babaeski esports | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[fnxx](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16827662)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [selimax](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13525233) | 12.608pp |
| Tink E-spor | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[qtunap](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16620788)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Tetsunaru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16556729) | 12.279pp |
| Kanye babam ve biz | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[HALKBANK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20918038)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [\[-Phantom64-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12741458) | 11.665pp |
| Takım isminiz | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[shimu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14318796)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [yagizvsx](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19756573) | 11.263pp |
| Retired LoL Players | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[StarVolt_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/36683886)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [LeoNard_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/33431776) | 10.791pp |
| P7zenjoy | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[alpov](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19578998)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [AhtapotNecmi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24852332) | 10.050pp |
| random kid | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[vuluvulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/35459987)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Cheas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15596748) | 9.870pp |
| Dream Team | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[me_ozix](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24326661)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Lypophr3nia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/34947009) | 8.907pp |
| Agalar | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[ChortaX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/37923969)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [Oumyoop](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12419300) | 8.209pp |
| professional slider breaking | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[AwcunY](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27222225)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [gameofsalih](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28412980) | 7.415pp |
| denizli horozları | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[kufukami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/37929479)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [without mercy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28436050) | 6.981pp |
| low acc or quit | ::{ flag=TR }:: **[Emrecan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39182209)**, ::{ flag=TR }:: [fishtuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/38898878) | 4.769pp |
```

Group B:

| # | Team | Wins | Losses | PF[^pf] | PA[^pa] | PD[^pd] | Seed[^groups-seed] |
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| #1 | 21cm pp limit | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 6 |
| #2 | cansın | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 10 |
| #3 | W puskevit | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 16 |
| #4 | Aşuk ile Maşuk | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 18 |
| #5 | jembeyler | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 21 |

Group C:

| # | Team | Wins | Losses | PF[^pf] | PA[^pa] | PD[^pd] | Seed[^groups-seed] |
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| #1 | Dede ve Torunu | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 7 |
| #2 | alındınmı? .p | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 11 |
| #3 | barigadam | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 14 |
| #4 | AvazAvazAğlayanYüz | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 17 |
| #5 | takım olak | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 22 |

Group D:

| # | Team | Wins | Losses | PF[^pf] | PA[^pa] | PD[^pd] | Seed[^groups-seed] |
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| #1 | farketmez | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 8 |
| #2 | cok zeki takim | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 12 |
| #3 | zilla | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 15 |
| #4 | Folklar | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 19 |
| #5 | ördek | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | **0** | 24 |

## Mappools

### Group Stage

> **[Download the mappack here! (121 MB)](https://lyerr.s-ul.eu/98Blxxlw.zip)**

Reviewer 2: missing a line break
```suggestion
**[Download the mappack here! (121 MB)](https://lyerr.s-ul.eu/98Blxxlw.zip)**\
```

[View the showcase VOD here](https://youtu.be/OIHdk48V86Q?si=0e8AnQi0deB5yndT)

> - NoMod

Reviewer 2: as per https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/ascw, it's `No Mod`

```suggestion
- No Mod
```

  1. [Hepsi - Yalan [Hani Bensiz Bir Hictin]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2577712#osu/5742699)
  2. [Xi - Densetsu no Sabori Shinigami ~ Make a quick escape [Cellina & TD's Collab Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1621473#osu/3435049)
  3. [King Krule - Dum Surfer [Don't Suffer]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/716193#osu/1513180)
  4. [patirchev - Angelfish [Bubbles]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1746011#osu/3571449)
  5. [KOKIA - Chouwa oto ~with reflection~ (Cut Ver.) [Expert]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2156509#osu/4546068)
- Hidden
  1. [Sayako - Decide, longitude (feat. Lucy Bedroque) [~talk to me~]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2527076#osu/5582926)
  2. [Laufey - From The Start [Mekadon's Soliloquy]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2096549#osu/5242244)

> - HardRock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hard Rock
```

  1. [Uchida Maaya - Soushou Innocence [CrystLer]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/171215#osu/414217)
  2. [HuMeR - ChaserXX [KKip's Another]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/930846#osu/2066790)

> - DoubleTime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Double Time
```

  1. [Radiohead - Airbag [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2122619#osu/4461463)
  2. [yuki - Clammbon [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1737221#osu/3588814)
  3. [Dimrain47 - Cloud Control [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1550498#osu/3168379)

> - ForcedMod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FreeMod
```

Author: The reason why I worded it like that is because NM is disallowed for those picks, and thus, in our 2v2 TS2 setting, one player is forced to take HD while the other picks HR. `Free Mod` is a more common way of referring these picks, naturally. However, it would also give the impression that they can indeed pick whatever they desire, which would be rather misleading in our case.

  1. [Kano - Sukisuki Zecchoushou [Doormat's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2191426#osu/4811028)
  2. [goreshit - burn this moment into the retina of my eye [insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/359890#osu/830322)
  3. [Akiri feat. InabaYap - Tonight We Fly [Extra (OTR26 Ver.)]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2577746#osu/5742787)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Chitose Haru & Kumagai Eri - Perfect Free [xlNathan's Concert Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/456387#osu/990325)**

### Qualifiers

> **[Download the mappack here! (79.4 MB)](https://lyerr.s-ul.eu/okiPGQqD.zip)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[Download the mappack here! (79.4 MB)](https://lyerr.s-ul.eu/okiPGQqD.zip)**\
```

[View the showcase VOD here](https://youtu.be/q4dDwSes-0c?si=h-wSDstVCYECoELt)

> - NoMod

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No Mod
```

  1. [Nekomata Master - Despair of Elferia [An]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2239664#osu/4759737)
  2. [blobdash - ARE WE FLOATING IN SPACE [EXPERT]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2206504#osu/4672134)
  3. [AZKi x Such - GimmexGimme (lapix Remix) [she gimme gimme]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1693859#osu/3461180)
  4. [NIWASHI - Y [Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1689372#osu/3452317)
- Hidden
  1. [Shoji Meguro feat. Lyn - Last Surprise [I Fuzed Black Ooze And I Liked It]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2197607#osu/4650494)
  2. [Denkishiki Karen Ongaku Shuudan - Silver Orbit [Despair]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1062758#osu/2225505)

> - HardRock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hard Rock
```

  1. [VeetaCrush - Mole [AncuL's Extra]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1574603#osu/3756543)
  2. [Kagankaravana - Ego Rock (feat. Kasane Teto) [I need you in my life]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2570441#osu/5720331)

> - DoubleTime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Double Time
```

8. Use of the Visual Settings to alter background dim or disable beatmap elements like storyboards and skins is allowed.
   - Custom skin elements must not be used to alter core gameplay elements or mechanics in unintended ways.
9. Players are expected to keep matches running fluently and without unnecessary delays. Excessive delays from the players' side may result in penalties being applied by the tournament managers.
10. Disrupting a match through foul play, insulting or provoking other players or staff, intentionally delaying the match, or any other deliberate inappropriate behaviour is strictly prohibited and will be punished accordingly.
11. All players and staff must be treated with respect. Instructions from referees and tournament managers are to be followed. Decisions labelled as final are not to be objected.
12. Multiplayer chatrooms are subject to the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules). All chat rules apply to the multiplayer chatrooms where the matches take place.
    - Breaking the chat rules may result in a silence. Silenced players cannot participate in multiplayer matches and must be exchanged for the duration of the punishment.

> 13. Multi-accounting, account sharing, cheating, and any other form of rule-breaking are strictly prohibited.

Reviewer 2: (to my disappointment,) we [withdrew from using Oxford commas](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#serial-comma), so you may want to do a blank `, and` -> ` and` replacement

    - Disqualification from the entire tournament.
    - Disqualification from current and future osu!türkiye Open tournaments, until appealed.
    - Disqualification from current and future osu!türkiye community events, until appealed.
16. Referees may allow, at their discretion, lower or higher tolerances for timers.
17. The tournament managers may request liveplays or recordings of individual players or teams at any point in the tournament without prior warning.
18. The tournament managers will be responsible for receiving and investigating any tournament-related complaints.
19. If necessary, the tournament managers may report players who behave inappropriately or violate the rules to the Tournament Committee.
20. The tournament managers reserve the right to make final decisions for situations that are not covered by this ruleset.
21. The tournament managers reserve the right to modify these rules at any moment. Any such changes will be announced in advance.

### Tournament registration

1. This tournament is restricted to Turkish players. Therefore, all players signing up must have the Turkish flag on their osu! profile.

> 2. Players must not have a restricted osu! account or an active tournament ban issued by the Tournament Committee.

Reviewer 2: not sure if the first part means "not to have a restriction on the record", because it's hard for me to imagine playing with an account that is already restricted

Author: We have no way of realistically checking restriction records as tournament staff, so it would be misleading as a rule. On the other hand, indeed you are right, it is rather meaningless to have a rule like this. I'll just delete that part.

3. Tournament staff members are not allowed to participate as players, with the exception of commentators.
4. Eliminated players may assist the tournament as commentators, referees, or streamers if needed by the tournament managers.
   - However, in accordance with official osu! tournament support rules, eliminated players must not hold a staff position that gives them early access to privileged information, such as mappool selector or playtester.
5. Players must form a team with exactly one other player before registering.
   - Solo registrations and teams with more than 2 players are invalid.

> 6. Each team must have a combined total of 21,000 pp or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Each team must have a combined total of 21.000pp or less.
```

    - Registrations submitted through any other method are invalid and will not be considered.
13. Teams must submit the registration form completely and correctly within the stated registration period.
    - Registrations with missing or incorrect information, or registrations submitted outside the registration period, are invalid.
14. After the registration period, the list of registered teams and players will be shared with the osu! account support team and the Tournament Committee for screening.
    - Teams containing players who are deemed ineligible after screening will be disqualified.
15. Players left without a teammate due to their teammate failing screening are not allowed to form a new team.

### Qualifier instructions

1. In the Qualifiers, all teams will play a specific pool designed by the mappool selectors.
2. The Qualifier mappool will contain 4 brackets: [NoMod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#no-mod), [Hidden](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden), [Hard Rock](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock), and [Double Time](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Double_Time).
3. The Qualifier mappool will consist of 11 beatmaps.

>    - There will be 4 NoMod beatmaps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The Qualifier mappool will contain 4 brackets: [No Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#no-mod), [Hidden](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden), [Hard Rock](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock), and [Double Time](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Double_Time).
3. The Qualifier mappool will consist of 11 beatmaps.
   - There will be 4 No Mod beatmaps.
```

   - Players are expected to join the lobby already warmed up.
7. After both team captains join the lobby, the referee will ask both captains to use `!roll` in the multiplayer chat.
8. The team with the higher roll chooses either ban order or pick order.
   - The remaining choice is given to the opposing team.
9. Each team has 90 seconds to pick a beatmap.
   - If a team does not pick within 90 seconds, the pick automatically passes to the opposing team.
10. In stages where each team has 2 bans, the ban order is ABBA.
11. A team may not ban 2 beatmaps from the same non-NoMod mod bracket.
    - For example, banning two Hidden maps or two Hard Rock maps is not allowed.
    - This restriction does not apply to the NoMod bracket.
12. Picking 2 beatmaps from the same mod bracket consecutively is allowed.
13. If a player disconnects within the first 30 seconds of a beatmap, the referee will abort the beatmap using `!mp abort`, and the beatmap will be replayed.
14. Each team may request an abort only once per match.
15. If a player disconnects after the first 30 seconds of a beatmap, that player's score will not count towards their team's total score unless valid evidence is provided.

> 16. The following are considered acceptable proof:

Reviewer 2: for ease of reading, I'd recommend either combining 15 and 16, or reusing the same wording ("valid evidence)

Author: I'll go with the latter, looks more orderly that way.

   - Quarterfinals: 17 beatmaps.
   - Semifinals: 17 beatmaps.
   - Finals: 19 beatmaps.
   - Grand Finals: 19 beatmaps.
4. The Qualifier mappool consists of 4 NoMod, 2 Hidden, 2 Hard Rock, and 3 Double Time beatmaps. There are no bans and no tiebreaker in Qualifiers.
5. The Group Stage mappool consists of 5 NoMod, 2 Hidden, 2 Hard Rock, 3 Double Time, 3 FreeMod, and 1 tiebreaker. Each team has 1 ban.
6. The Quarterfinals and Semifinals mappools each consist of 5 NoMod, 3 Hidden, 3 Hard Rock, 3 Double Time, 3 FreeMod, and 1 tiebreaker. Each team has 2 bans.
7. The Finals and Grand Finals mappools each consist of 5 NoMod, 3 Hidden, 3 Hard Rock, 4 Double Time, 4 FreeMod, and 1 tiebreaker. Each team has 2 bans.
8. All beatmaps must be played with the [No Fail](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) mod enabled, unless stated otherwise.
9. FreeMod beatmaps must be played with one player on each team using [Hidden](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden) and the other player using [Hard Rock](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock).
   - If a player uses both Hidden and Hard Rock, that player is considered to have taken Hard Rock.
10. Tiebreaker beatmaps follow FreeMod rules.

>     - Mods other than Hidden and Hard Rock are not allowed on tiebreakers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Each mappool consists of 5 brackets: [No Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#no-mod), [Hidden](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden), [Hard Rock](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock), [Double Time](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Double_Time), and Free Mod.
3. The mappool sizes are as follows:
   - Qualifiers: 11 beatmaps.
   - Group Stage: 15 beatmaps.
   - Quarterfinals: 17 beatmaps.
   - Semifinals: 17 beatmaps.
   - Finals: 19 beatmaps.
   - Grand Finals: 19 beatmaps.
4. The Qualifier mappool consists of 4 No Mod, 2 Hidden, 2 Hard Rock, and 3 Double Time beatmaps. There are no bans and no tiebreaker in Qualifiers.
5. The Group Stage mappool consists of 5 No Mod, 2 Hidden, 2 Hard Rock, 3 Double Time, 3 Free Mod, and 1 tiebreaker. Each team has 1 ban.
6. The Quarterfinals and Semifinals mappools each consist of 5 No Mod, 3 Hidden, 3 Hard Rock, 3 Double Time, 3 Free Mod, and 1 tiebreaker. Each team has 2 bans.
7. The Finals and Grand Finals mappools each consist of 5 No Mod, 3 Hidden, 3 Hard Rock, 4 Double Time, 4 Free Mod, and 1 tiebreaker. Each team has 2 bans.
8. All beatmaps must be played with the [No Fail](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) mod enabled, unless stated otherwise.
9. FreeMod beatmaps must be played with one player on each team using [Hidden](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden) and the other player using [Hard Rock](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock).
   - If a player uses both Hidden and Hard Rock, that player is considered to have taken Hard Rock.
10. Tiebreaker beatmaps follow Free Mod rules.
    - Mods other than Hidden and Hard Rock are not allowed on tiebreakers.
```

### Scheduling instructions

1. By default, all matches will be assigned to weekend time slots.
2. Every match will be assigned a referee.
3. The assigned referee is responsible for handling reschedule requests for their match.
4. Reschedule requests must be submitted by Thursday 23:59 of the week in which the match is played.
5. If a team requests to play a match on a weekday, the request must be submitted at least 24 hours before the requested time.
   - Exceptions will only be considered in emergencies.
6. Teams requesting a weekday match must first contact the assigned referee.
   - If no suitable referee is available, the match cannot be rescheduled and the default match time will be used.
7. Matches played on weekdays or at times that conflict with other matches are not guaranteed to be streamed.
8. Reschedule requests must be made with the approval of the opposing team.
   - Both teams are expected to communicate respectfully and work towards a fair solution.

## Notes

[^pf]: Points for, referring to the number of maps won.
[^pa]: Points against, referring to the number of maps lost.
[^pd]: Point differential, calculated as `PF - PA`.

> [^pp-limit]: Teams were required to have a combined total of 21.000 pp or less. For this purpose, pp values were frozen after the signup period concluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^pp-limit]: Teams were required to have a combined total of 21.000pp or less. For this purpose, pp values were frozen after the signup period concluded.
```

[^groups-seed]: The team's seed after the Qualifier stage.

> [^qualifiers-seeding]: The qualifier rating was calculated using the %max scoring system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^qualifiers-seeding]: The Qualifier rating was calculated using the %MAX scoring system.
```

> [^qualifiers-tiebreaker]: Average score was used as the qualifier tiebreaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^qualifiers-tiebreaker]: Average score was used as the Qualifier tiebreaker.
```
